Adding outputs and Updating Readme (#33)
schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-avm: README.md

    }
  }
}
```

## IAM Permissions Boundaries

> The module `tfe_workspace` supports setting a Permission Boundary on the workspace user or role by passing down permissions_boundary workspace_boundary and workload_boundary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module supports setting a Permission Boundary on the workspace `iam_user` or `iam_role` by passing down `permissions_boundaries.workspace_boundary` and `permissions_boundaries.workspace_boundary_name`. 

In case you want to reference a permission boundary that needs to be attached to every IAM role/user that will be created by the workspace role/user then you can create this permission boundary by specifying `permissions_boundaries.workload_boundary` and `permissions_boundaries.workload_boundary_name`.
```

The workspace permissions boundary will be attached to the workspace `iam_role`/ `iam_user`.
In case you want to reference a permission boundary that needs to be attached to every IAM role/user that will be created by the workspace role/user then you can create this permission boundary by specifying permissions_boundaries.workload_boundary.

```hcl

> variable "permissions_boundaries" {

Author: Done
